Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a Sci-Fi film
called "Westworld."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A high-tech amusement park called Delos has
attracted the attention of many thrill-seekers
due to its promise to send their guests on
an adventure of a lifetime for an extravagant
price of $1,000 a day.
Ed, a public relations officer working for
Delos, interviews several people who just
came from the resort.
One guest excitedly tells Ed that he shot
six people during his visit to Westworld,
but Ed clarifies that the people shot were
robots.
Ed explains that these androids were programmed
to look, act and talk like human beings.
Moreover, the robots also bleed just as humans
do to enhance the experience.
John, a returning guest at the amusement park,
has decided to take his friend, Peter, to
Westworld to help him unwind.
On their way to the resort, Peter asks John
about what he should expect.
John patiently answers his questions and informs
him that they’ll use real firearms.
Soon, an announcer asks the guests to put
on their earphones to listen to the orientation.
John ignores the announcement, noting that
he's already heard the orientation before.
The orientation video points out that guests
are given a choice to visit three distinct
worlds that cater to their specific fantasies.
In Westworld, guests can re-enact the gunfights
in the Wild West with the resort's android
inhabitants.
The guests are also given the opportunity
to rub shoulders with the kings and queens
of 13th century Europe during the medieval
era.
As the monitor displays images of the area,
the man sitting behind Peter smiles in anticipation
of living out his medieval fantasies.
In another option, guests can indulge in diverse
worldly pleasures available only in the ancient
Roman city of Pompeii at the height of its
Golden Age.
After hearing about the attractions available
in the Roman world, the man behind Peter starts
pondering whether or not it's a good idea
to send his wife there.
After getting off the hovercraft, Peter wonders
if the attendants guiding them to the cars
are androids.
John notes that the only way to distinguish
androids from humans is to look at their hands
because the robots have imperfect extremities.
After wearing the appropriate costumes, they
ride a stagecoach to the Westworld hotel.
Upon arrival, Peter notices the lack of amenities
in the room assigned to them, but John points
out that it's supposed to be that way to give
them an authentic experience.
Peter mentions that his wife would have loved
visiting the shops in Westworld, but John
interrupts him, saying he should forget about
her because she only took him for a ride.
Soon, John and Peter leave their room to visit
the bar.
Peter orders a vodka martini, but John orders
whiskey for both of them instead.
He urges Peter to have fun, assuring him that
there's no way to get hurt at the resort.
When their drinks arrive, Peter chokes on
the liquor.
Not long after, a gunslinger arrives and starts
taunting Peter, saying he needs to come home
to his mother because he can't handle his
drink.
John sees the situation as an opportunity
to start a duel, so he urges Peter to confront
the gunslinger.
Peter hesitates, but with some encouragement,
he faces the gunslinger.
As Peter reaches for his gun, the other patrons
scramble to find a hiding place.
When the gunslinger urges him to make a move,
Peter draws his weapon and shoots before the
gunslinger could even point his firearm at
him.
As the gunslinger staggers around, Peter shoots
him two more times.
After the other patrons drag the gunslinger's
body away, Peter asks John if he's sure that
the gunslinger was an android.
John assures him that there's no way he would
be able to kill a human at the resort.
In their hotel room, John urges Peter to try
shooting him with his weapon.
Peter pulls the trigger, but the gun doesn't
fire.
John points out that the weapon has a sensor
that prevents it from firing at anything with
a high temperature.
After dinner, John and Peter visit the saloon
looking for sensual entertainment, so Miss
Carrie introduces them to Cindy and Arlette.
Peter asks John if the girls are androids,
but John doesn't give him a straightforward
answer.
On their way to their rooms, they suddenly
hear gunshots outside.
Carrie tells them that men are robbing the
bank across the street.
Peter suggests joining the robbers, thinking
that it might be fun, but John argues being
with the girls at the saloon would be much
better.
Upon entering the room, Peter and Arlette
slowly undress and get ready to be intimate
with each other.
Peter struggles to disclose that he's never
slept with a stranger before, but Arlette
ignores him and continues undressing.
As the gunfight continues outside the saloon,
Arlette approaches Peter in bed and starts
making love to him.
When they finish, Arlette's eyes emit a silvery
glow.
After the female android leaves the room,
Peter tells John that he's having fun at the
resort.
While the guests are asleep, the resort's
employees arrive to pick up the android bodies
from the streets.
The men load the androids into a conveyor
belt that leads to the lab, where technicians
perform minor repairs.
The chief supervisor calmly guides the technicians,
but he's suddenly bothered when he hears about
a central malfunction on one of the androids.
During a meeting, he reports that breakdowns
have been occurring throughout the amusement
park for six weeks, and it has since doubled
in the past week.
In addition, central malfunctions in androids
continue to rise despite the corrections they've
already made.
He points out that the pattern of the breakdowns
is similar to an infectious disease, spreading
from one area to the next.
Other scientists are skeptical that androids
are contracting electronic diseases.
The chief inspector points out that the robots
are highly complicated machines, and they
still don't know exactly how they work.
Despite the problems they discovered, the
technicians prepare to reactivate the androids
in the morning before the guests wake up.
While Peter takes a bath, the gunslinger knocks
on the door and threatens John.
As Peter returns to the room, he hears John
pleading with the gunslinger, so he prepares
to confront the android.
Suddenly the housekeeper yells at him for
standing in the hall half-naked.
The housekeeper screams upon seeing his gun,
so Peter decides to barge in and shoot the
gunslinger to take him by surprise.
After being hit four times, the android falls
through the window and dies.
The sheriff arrests Peter and locks him up,
saying he'll have to stand trial for killing
the gunslinger.
John explains that the shooting was self-defense,
but the sheriff ignores him.
The sheriff warns John not to bother trying
to save Peter because the judge likes to hang
offenders.
Outside, John asks a woman to deliver some
food to Peter.
After the sheriff inspects the food, the woman
shows Peter that there's an explosive hidden
underneath the sheet covering his food.
Peter prepares two horses and positions them
outside the sheriff's office.
Not long after, an explosion occurs, and Peter
emerges from his cell.
The sheriff goes out to stop them from escaping,
but John shoots him twice, making sure that
he's dead.
John and Peter immediately flee from the town
and make their way to the desert to hide.
Later, John remarks that they can go back
to town and do anything they want because
there's no one to stop them anymore.
In the Medieval World, a guest playing as
a knight enters the Queen's room for a tryst,
but she tells him that the Black Knight is
looking forward to a swordfight with him.
The Queen tells him that the knight has the
strength of ten men, but his sight is weak
in the left eye.
She assures him that he will win the battle
if he stays to the knight's left.
The technicians take note so they could reprogram
the Black Knight with lateral weakness in
the left eye for the next day.
As Peter and John rest in the desert, a rattlesnake
slithers in their direction.
John tries shooting the snake, but he misses.
The snake lunges at him and bites him in the
arm, so he shakes it vigorously until it releases
its bite.
When the snake hits the ground, they both
shoot it until it stops moving.
John notes that the snake is not real, and
it wasn't supposed to attack him.
The chief supervisor hears about the snake
attack in the control room and tells the technicians
to take the android snake to the lab.
While inspecting the android snake, the technicians
discover that its logic circuits failed to
respond, but its mechanisms appear to be intact.
Due to the malfunction, the resort's administrators
decide to stop accepting new guests at the
resort, but they still refuse to shut the
park down.
Later that night, the technicians in the control
room start a bar fight in Westworld while
Peter and John are playing cards.
When one of the patrons drops at their table,
John decides to join in.
Before Peter could get up, a man grabs him
and flings him across the room.
They gleefully drink and participate in the
riot until they pass out.
Meanwhile, the lab technicians install an
upgrade on the gunslinger to improve his vision
and hearing.
In the Medieval World, the guest posing as
a knight tries to seduce a female servant,
but she rejects his advances and slaps him.
The chief inspector tells the technicians
to send the servant to the lab for central
repair, noting that she's not supposed to
refuse a guest.
However, the technicians couldn't find anything
wrong with the android.
Later on, the Black Knight confronts the guest
at the Medieval World as he was looking for
something to eat.
The guest tries to plead with the Black Knight,
but the knight is bent on engaging him in
a sword fight.
The knight then starts striking him, but the
guest manages to block his attacks.
Due to the force of the knight's blows, the
guest loses his shield, leaving him with only
a sword as a means to defend himself.
When the knight cuts the guest's arm, the
chief supervisor tells the technicians to
shut down the androids immediately.
However, the knight continues his assault
and stabs the guest in the stomach with his
sword.
After waking up at the bar, John and Peter
head back to their room, but before they could
enter the hotel, the gunslinger confronts
them.
In the control room, the chief supervisor
orders the technicians to shut all the power
down.
Meanwhile, John tells Peter that he will handle
the gunslinger this time.
He urges the gunslinger to make the first
move, so the android draws his gun and shoots
John in the chest.
John stumbles, confused by the sudden gunshot
wound.
He gets up and tells Peter that he's been
shot for real.
The gunslinger fires another shot, killing
John.
The gunslinger asks Peter to draw his gun
as Peter tries to make sense of the situation.
Back in the control room, the technicians
tell the supervisor that they've lost control
of the androids.
Terrified by the idea that he could die at
the hands of the android, Peter decides to
run from the gunslinger instead of engaging
him.
The gunslinger pursues Peter as he gallops
away on a horse.
The chief supervisor notes that the androids
are running on stored charge.
Some robots will only last about an hour,
but some can still function for as long as
12 hours.
Meanwhile, the androids at the Roman World
have begun their rampage, killing most of
the guests in the area.
The chief supervisor tells the technicians
to turn the main grid back on, but they fail
to get their power back.
They soon realize that they are locked inside
the control room because the doors are powered
by electricity.
The chief supervisor tells the technicians
to get the doors open before they run out
of oxygen.
Peter runs to the desert to get away from
the gunslinger.
As he rides his horse along the hill, the
gunslinger sees him and shoots his hat.
Peter leaves the horse and decides to lie
in wait for the gunslinger.
However, the gunslinger spots him and fires
his gun at him repeatedly.
Fortunately, Peter doesn't get hit, so he
runs back to his horse and flees.
Meanwhile, the oxygen level starts to drop
inside the control room with no way of opening
the doors.
In the desert, Peter comes across a technician,
who appears to be on his way out of the resort,
but his car had broken down.
The technician hides from him, fearing that
Peter is an android, but after realizing that
Peter is a guest, the technician informs him
that the androids have started to malfunction.
Peter tells him that the gunslinger is after
him and asks for advice on dealing with the
robot.
The technician tells him that his only chance
is to use acid to impair the robot's vision
and create noise to disrupt its hearing.
However, the technician warns Peter that his
chances of defeating the robot are low because
the android will always be one step ahead
of him.
Soon after Peter leaves, the gunslinger arrives
and kills the technician.
Peter keeps going until he leaves Westworld
and crosses into the Roman world.
When he comes across a manhole, Peter goes
down and finds himself in the resort's underground
complex.
Peter soon finds the locked control room,
but he discovers that the technicians have
all died due to a lack of oxygen.
In one of the monitors inside, he sees the
gunslinger arriving in the Roman World.
Although Peter is nowhere to be seen, the
android still manages to track him down using
his infrared vision.
Peter soon comes across the lab where other
androids are kept for repairs.
He notices a beaker filled with Hydrochloric
acid and recalls the technician advising him
to use it against the android.
The gunslinger soon reaches the lab, but he
doesn't see Peter around.
Peter lies down on a table, pretending to
be a robot, and waits for the android to pass
him by.
When the gunslinger reaches his table, Peter
gets up and throws acid in the android's face.
He watches the gunslinger react to the acid
burn for a while before finally deciding to
make a run for it.
Despite the damage to his eyes, the gunslinger
continues to chase after Peter.
He shoots Peter when he senses him close by,
but his gun runs out of batteries, so he throws
it away.
Peter continues fleeing and soon ends up in
the Medieval World.
When the gunslinger catches up to him, Peter
ends up beneath a flaming torch and learns
that the android cannot detect him due to
the heat.
As he turns to run, he accidentally steps
on a piece of metal armor, alerting the gunslinger
to his presence.
In a panic, Peter immediately grabs a torch
and sets the android on fire.
He watches the robot as it flails around the
room in flames.
While trying to find his way out of the castle,
he hears a woman yelling for help in the dungeon,
so he releases her from her shackles.
Peter tries to give her some water, but she
refuses.
When Peter pours out some water into her mouth,
sparks suddenly bursts out of her head.
Peter backs away in shock, realizing that
he encountered another android.
As Peter prepares to leave, he runs into the
scorched gunslinger, still trying desperately
to attack him.
The android, however, has totally lost its
ability to see, so it falls down the stairs
while trying to grab Peter.
The gunslinger tries to get up one more time,
but the robot finally breaks down due to the
severe damage to its circuits.
Exhausted from his ordeal, Peter sits down
on the steps, recalling the resort's advertisement
offering him a vacation that he won't forget.
The tragedy that happened in Delos highlights
the hidden dangers of bestowing sentience
to inanimate objects.
Programming androids to act exactly like humans
for the purpose of entertainment seems like
an innocuous endeavor, but problems become
apparent as system malfunctions start to occur.
Even though the administrators of the park
had put some precautionary measures in place,
they didn't anticipate the androids misbehaving
on their own.
The initial investigations conducted by the
technicians didn't find any problem with the
circuits, which could mean that the androids
somehow learned to reject their programming.
Due to the errors, the android seemed to act
even more like humans.
The female servant in the Medieval World slapped
the guest trying to seduce her, as any other
woman would.
The Black Knight ferociously killed the very
same guest just to impress his Queen.
In Westworld, the gunslinger relentlessly
pursued Peter in a seeming attempt to seek
revenge after being killed twice before.
Some would say that such a catastrophe is
bound to happen with humanity's continuous
pursuit to produce more realistic entertainment.